
const i_cannot_do = `
Joker Stencil: Requires access to the number of empty joker slots, which is not available in the provided gameState.
Four Fingers: Modifies the rules for forming Flushes and Straights, which is a core game logic change and cannot be implemented as a simple joker effect.
Mime: Requires the ability to re-trigger other card abilities, which is not supported by the current effect system.
Credit Card: Affects the player's money, which is not part of the provided gameState.
Ceremonial Dagger: Requires the ability to interact with other jokers and their sell values, which is not available.
Marble Joker: Adds a card to the deck, which is a deck modification action not supported by the effect function.
8 Ball: Creates a Tarot card, which is a card generation action not supported by the effect function.
Dusk: Re-triggers played cards, which is not supported by the current effect system.
Chaos the Clown: Affects shop re-rolls, which is outside the scope of the hand evaluation function.
Delayed Gratification: Affects the player's money, which is not part of the provided gameState.
Hack: Re-triggers played cards, which is not supported by the current effect system.
Pareidolia: Changes how cards are classified, a core game logic change.
Space Joker: Upgrades poker hand levels, which is a core game logic change.
Egg: Affects sell value, which is not part of the provided gameState.
Burglar: Modifies hands and discards, which is a core game logic change.
DNA: Modifies the deck, a deck modification action.
Splash: Changes scoring rules, a core game logic change.
Sixth Sense: Creates a Spectral card, a card generation action.
Superposition: Creates a Tarot card, a card generation action.
To Do List: Affects player's money, which is not part of the provided gameState.
Riff-Raff: Creates Joker cards, a card generation action.
Shortcut: Modifies the rules for forming Straights, a core game logic change.
Vagabond: Creates a Tarot card, a card generation action.
Cloud 9: Affects player's money, which is not part of the provided gameState.
Rocket: Affects player's money, which is not part of the provided gameState.
Midas Mask: Changes card properties, a core game logic change.
Luchador: Disables a boss blind, a core game logic change.
Gift Card: Affects sell value, which is not part of the provided gameState.
Turtle Bean: Modifies hand size, a core game logic change.
Reserved Parking: Affects player's money, which is not part of the provided gameState.
Mail-In Rebate: Affects player's money, which is not part of the provided gameState.
To the Moon: Affects player's money, which is not part of the provided gameState.
Hallucination: Creates a Tarot card, a card generation action.
Juggler: Modifies hand size, a core game logic change.
Drunkard: Modifies discards, a core game logic change.
Golden Joker: Affects player's money, which is not part of the provided gameState.
Diet Cola: Creates a Double Tag, a core game logic change.
Trading Card: Affects player's money, which is not part of the provided gameState.
Mr. Bones: Prevents death, a core game logic change.
Sock and Buskin: Re-triggers played cards, which is not supported by the current effect system.
Troubadour: Modifies hand size and hands per round, a core game logic change.
Certificate: Adds a card to the hand, a card generation action.
Smeared Joker: Modifies suit rules, a core game logic change.
Hanging Chad: Re-triggers played cards, which is not supported by the current effect system.
Showman: Modifies card generation rules, a core game logic change.
Blueprint: Copies another joker's ability, which is not supported by the current effect system.
Merry Andy: Modifies discards and hand size, a core game logic change.
Oops! All 6s: Modifies probabilities, a core game logic change.
Matador: Affects player's money, which is not part of the provided gameState.
Invisible Joker: Duplicates a joker, a core game logic change.
Brainstorm: Copies another joker's ability, which is not supported by the current effect system.
Satellite: Affects player's money, which is not part of the provided gameState.
Cartomancer: Creates a Tarot card, a card generation action.
Astronomer: Affects shop prices, which is outside the scope of the hand evaluation function.
Burnt Joker: Upgrades poker hand levels, a core game logic change.
Canio: Requires access to destroyed cards, which is not available.
Chicot: Disables boss blind effects, a core game logic change.
Perkeo: Creates a consumable card, a card generation action.
`;

write_file('i cannot do.txt', i_cannot_do)
